For the ClockrBot system, the Observer Design Pattern will be the choice for 
the system. On the Supervisor Page, the Disable, Edit, Clock Out GA, UnDo, 
Information Report, View Real-Time, and Print component features are the
sub-systems uses the Observer Design Pattern. On the GA Page, the 
Clock In and Clock Out, and Break Checkbox component features are the 
sub-systems also uses the Observer Design Pattern.The reason why I
chosed the Observer Design Pattern is because it is a one-to-many dependency
between the objects. If one of the objects changes the state, then all its
dependents identify the changes and will be automatically updated. The Observer
design pattern will likely improve the ClockrBot System like for instance the
GA page whenever the GA clock in, clock out, or the break checkbox is pressed,
each one of the sub-system will be notified and the system as a whole will update
the User-Interface (UI) displaying new information, this will also apply the same
to the supervisor page as well with its own component features. With Observer Design
Pattern, it will allow the system as a whole to run efficiently allowing all the
sub-system components to correspond each other on the new changes that occurs 
and the system will update the information automatically.

Facade design pattern is another choice for the design pattern. From the understanding 
about the complexity of how the ClockrBot clock in and out system performs,
Facade makes it much simplier to use that provide cleaner interface to the system.
The complexity of the backend system will be hidden to where the client will only 
experience the simple inteface that is much more user friendly. Many feature components
in the GA and Supervisor page will be the sub-systems that uses the Facade design pattern.
For the GA page, with the use of the Facade design pattern, when the GA clocks in and clocks
out or hit the break checkbox, the data that was inputted should read and write 
meaning "Display" the time when the GA clocks in and out on the display box or indicate when
break was inputted in an organize fashion. For supervisor page using Facade pattern,
components features like the Disable, Edit, Clock Out GA, UnDo, Information Report, 
View Real-Time, and Print component features, those data components should be organize to be
responsive to correspond to each other to get the right executable tasks for the supervisor. 
With the use of the Facade pattern, the ClockrBot system will performance in an efficient 
organize manner transfering many data to correspond with other components in the system to
meet the client's needs.
